README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">devsBunker</h1>
<p align="center">A platform where developers can promote their work for free.</p>

## Development setup

### Requirements

* Node
* MongoDB

### Run

Make a .env file inside server/ with the following values

| key          | value                                                   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| HOST         | your host IP                                            |
| PORT         | port number                                             |
| DB_URI       | mongodb address (mongodb://localhost/YOUR-DB-NAME-HERE) |
| ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET | a key for signing JWT access tokens                            |
| REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET | a key for signing JWT refresh tokens                            |

Make a .env file inside client/ with the following values

| key                    | value                       |
|------------------------|-----------------------------|
| VUE_APP_LOGIN_API_URL  | your BACKEND LOGIN API URL  |
| VUE_APP_SIGNUP_API_URL | your BACKEND SIGNUP API URL |
| VUE_APP_AUTH_API_URL   | your BACKEND AUTH API URL   |
| VUE_APP_FETCH_USER_API_URL   | your BACKEND API URL to fetch users (? at the end of the URL) |

**NOTE: Don't store secrets inside this .env since it is client side and it will be accessible to everyone.**

Keys must be prefixed with 'VUE_APP_'.

Commit message:

new: server env entry READ DESC
I have added the PROD entry to handle CORS better now that we also have GraphQl, if you set it to false it will allow every origin. This is ONLY for development, once we deploy we set it to true and CORS will only allow the trusted origins

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">devsBunker</h1>
<p align="center">A platform where developers can promote their work for free.</p>

## Development setup

### Requirements

-   Node
-   MongoDB

### Run

Make a .env file inside server/ with the following values

| key                  | value                                                   |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| HOST                 | your host IP                                            |
| PORT                 | port number                                             |
| DB_URI               | mongodb address (mongodb://localhost/YOUR-DB-NAME-HERE) |
| ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET  | a key for signing JWT access tokens                     |
| REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET | a key for signing JWT refresh tokens                    |
| PROD                 | true or false depending on env                          |

Make a .env file inside client/ with the following values

| key                        | value                                                         |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| VUE_APP_LOGIN_API_URL      | your BACKEND LOGIN API URL                                    |
| VUE_APP_SIGNUP_API_URL     | your BACKEND SIGNUP API URL                                   |
| VUE_APP_AUTH_API_URL       | your BACKEND AUTH API URL                                     |
| VUE_APP_FETCH_USER_API_URL | your BACKEND API URL to fetch users (? at the end of the URL) |

**NOTE: Don't store secrets inside this .env since it is client side and it will be accessible to everyone.**

Keys must be prefixed with 'VUE*APP*'.
