todo.md, before:

# TODO

## General

-   [ ] we should not let users put duplicated tags and links in post such as Python, Python, JS, Java, Java and www.google.com www.google.com

-   [x] **Critical**: updating the password with the graphql route lets you set a single character password (i believe it doesnt acutally get set in the db but the route says that the operation was successfull) [sorry for the spaghetti english but I gotta eat lunch, this was a quick note before I totally forgot about it]

## Backend

-   [x] **IMPORTANT** we might need to adjust the path passed in deleteFiles calls now that we have nested folders in the uploads/ one

-   [ ] send confirmation email for signup
-   [x] implement login system
    -   [x] better error handling for both login and signup
-   [x] implement the auth route
-   [x] add more informations to the about and home page
-   [x] make Schema for posts
-   [x] make Schema for bunkers
-   [x] provide the current user email where needed (?)
-   [x] cosnider switching to ES modules
-   [ ] multiple devices logged into once account
-   [x] delete all REST endpoints
    -   [x] except refresh_token and auth
-   [x] use AuthErrors in Signup (GraphQL)
-   [ ] rate limit making posts
-   [ ] move the auth middleware to GraphQL
-   [x] better post validation: errors are not thrown [see](https://mongoosejs.com/docs/api.html#schematype_SchemaType-validate)
-   [x] add error handling to the like mutation
    -   [x] same user cant like twice
    -   [x] (DONE IN A DIFFERENT WAY) the mutation response will have an error object (can be null) and a post object (can be null). In case of success errors will be null
-   [x] add dislike mutation
-   [x] serve back images
    -   [x] 1. moving everything inside server/static and serve them as static assets
        -   [ ] organize the upload folder
    -   [x] 2. making another server just for those static assets
    -   [x] 3. using res.sendFile(\_\_dirname + /images/ + path); or something like this (PATH TRAVERSAL?
-   [ ] The home post feed and presumably many others use the post name as the v-for key, which will cause errors if two posts have the same name (switch to something like id)
-   [ ] Creating a post on the home page wont refresh the post feed since it auto avoids redundant routing

## Frontend

-   [x] home page
-   [ ] about page
-   [x] login page
-   [x] signup page
-   [x] profile page
    -   [x] redirect here from login/signup in case of already present valid token
    -   [x] make a delete token method (logout)
-   [x] handle 404 errors
-   [x] make a post page
-   [x] use .env
-   [x] fix mobile view scrolling bug
-   [x] add delay between form submission and server response (like a loading gif) to slow down potentials brute force attacks to the login and signup page
-   [x] error handling for the settings: if we pass a non valid setting like /settings/test it still displays stuff and not a 404
-   [x] change url dynamically based on selected setting option
-   [x] The theme changin icon (sun and moon) should be inverted to denote which theme the user is currently using
-   [ ] Make the first field in the login and signup pages be auto focused on when thep age is loaded
-   [ ] add the eye button thing to signup card
-   [x] Error handling and validation for making posts
-   [x] make sure that the heart icon is filled even after refresh if user has already liked a post
-   [ ] Project card author link spans 100% of card (even if you cant see it, you can still click it)
-   [ ] attach images to DOM after retreiving them (like a preview)
-   [ ] mod email in user page doesn't work (the save btn doesn't work)
-   [ ] add unfollow btn
-   [ ] if I visit someone else profile I am able to see a field to modify my profile (if admin visits test_account he can see a field with its username in the information tab)
-   [ ] opening the NewPostTagPopup on a new post page, the input should auto-select itself

### Things to optimize

-   [ ] we dispatch the store mutation to check if the user is logged in twice upon refresh (still need to figure out where we do it), we should reduce it to one.

## Glitches

-   [x] if a logged in user refreshes the page the profile link in the navbar and in the burger disappears, Login and Signup take its place (like if the user was not logged in)
-   [x] Fix browser back arrow button in some pages after 404
-   [x] Fix Hamburger Menu
-   [x] Random scroll space on bottom of login/signup cards on mobile
-   [x] Cant scroll to the top when resizing vertically
-   [x] if page gets refreshed the theme switches back to Dark
-   [x] Both password field and confirm password field both have id of 'password'
-   [x] Toggling show password icon highlights the 'forgot password' link
-   [x] Tapping or clicking outside burger menu on small screens should close it
-   [x] For a very small horizontal resize range, there are no Nav links or burger menu
-   [x] If burger menu not closed when page is expanded, when you shrink the page again it instantly opens the burger menu again
-   [x] Cant use the back arrow at profile page (sometimes)
-   [x] Cant Highlight text inside navbar and burger menu search inputs only on dark theme
-   [x] Profile page mobile support stopped working for some reason
-   [x] When visiting someone elses profile, and clicking on the profile picture in the navbar, it wont bring you back to your own profile
-   [x] Logout button in the left sidebar routing does not work
-   [x] Look at the console when you switch themes in mobile mode :(
-   [ ] settings sections (account, privacy, etc) are still available in mobile version. This is not a real glitch but we have to decide what to do with it
-   [x] avoid refreshing access token if user is not logged in (not really possible)
-   [ ] Cant scroll on mobile settings page

## Deployment

-   [ ] Set Prod env variable to true
-   [ ] Remove all the console logs, including the one on Logout event
-   [ ] use a more accurate regex for emails
-   [ ] clean the code (in some cases we used snake_case and in others camelCase)

    -   [ ] add comments of functions following a standard notation

-   [ ] make sure not to include path details in gql errors

Commit message:

new: things we should consider, the frontend seems really messy

todo.md, after:

# TODO

## General

-   [ ] we should not let users put duplicated tags and links in post such as Python, Python, JS, Java, Java and www.google.com www.google.com

-   [x] **Critical**: updating the password with the graphql route lets you set a single character password (i believe it doesnt acutally get set in the db but the route says that the operation was successfull) [sorry for the spaghetti english but I gotta eat lunch, this was a quick note before I totally forgot about it]

## Backend

-   [x] **IMPORTANT** we might need to adjust the path passed in deleteFiles calls now that we have nested folders in the uploads/ one

-   [ ] send confirmation email for signup
-   [x] implement login system
    -   [x] better error handling for both login and signup
-   [x] implement the auth route
-   [x] add more informations to the about and home page
-   [x] make Schema for posts
-   [x] make Schema for bunkers
-   [x] provide the current user email where needed (?)
-   [x] cosnider switching to ES modules
-   [ ] multiple devices logged into once account
-   [x] delete all REST endpoints
    -   [x] except refresh_token and auth
-   [x] use AuthErrors in Signup (GraphQL)
-   [ ] rate limit making posts
-   [ ] move the auth middleware to GraphQL
-   [x] better post validation: errors are not thrown [see](https://mongoosejs.com/docs/api.html#schematype_SchemaType-validate)
-   [x] add error handling to the like mutation
    -   [x] same user cant like twice
    -   [x] (DONE IN A DIFFERENT WAY) the mutation response will have an error object (can be null) and a post object (can be null). In case of success errors will be null
-   [x] add dislike mutation
-   [x] serve back images
    -   [x] 1. moving everything inside server/static and serve them as static assets
        -   [ ] organize the upload folder
    -   [x] 2. making another server just for those static assets
    -   [x] 3. using res.sendFile(\_\_dirname + /images/ + path); or something like this (PATH TRAVERSAL?
-   [ ] The home post feed and presumably many others use the post name as the v-for key, which will cause errors if two posts have the same name (switch to something like id)
-   [ ] Creating a post on the home page wont refresh the post feed since it auto avoids redundant routing

## Frontend

-   [ ] I feel that there's a lot of repeated code in the frontend, like the function to check if the user is using a mobile phone or a lot of includes of the same component in multiple pages. We could improve this:

    -   [ ] include NavBar in App.vue
    -   [ ] check for mobile in App.vue?
    -   [ ] bottom navbar in App.vue
    -   [ ] use mixins to avoid re-typing code
    -   [ ] Sharemethods.loadPage could be used in a better way without repeating it everytime?

-   [x] home page
-   [ ] about page
-   [x] login page
-   [x] signup page
-   [x] profile page
    -   [x] redirect here from login/signup in case of already present valid token
    -   [x] make a delete token method (logout)
-   [x] handle 404 errors
-   [x] make a post page
-   [x] use .env
-   [x] fix mobile view scrolling bug
-   [x] add delay between form submission and server response (like a loading gif) to slow down potentials brute force attacks to the login and signup page
-   [x] error handling for the settings: if we pass a non valid setting like /settings/test it still displays stuff and not a 404
-   [x] change url dynamically based on selected setting option
-   [x] The theme changin icon (sun and moon) should be inverted to denote which theme the user is currently using
-   [ ] Make the first field in the login and signup pages be auto focused on when thep age is loaded
-   [ ] add the eye button thing to signup card
-   [x] Error handling and validation for making posts
-   [x] make sure that the heart icon is filled even after refresh if user has already liked a post
-   [ ] Project card author link spans 100% of card (even if you cant see it, you can still click it)
-   [ ] attach images to DOM after retreiving them (like a preview)
-   [ ] mod email in user page doesn't work (the save btn doesn't work)
-   [ ] add unfollow btn
-   [ ] if I visit someone else profile I am able to see a field to modify my profile (if admin visits test_account he can see a field with its username in the information tab)
-   [ ] opening the NewPostTagPopup on a new post page, the input should auto-select itself

### Things to optimize

-   [ ] we dispatch the store mutation to check if the user is logged in twice upon refresh (still need to figure out where we do it), we should reduce it to one.

## Glitches

-   [x] if a logged in user refreshes the page the profile link in the navbar and in the burger disappears, Login and Signup take its place (like if the user was not logged in)
-   [x] Fix browser back arrow button in some pages after 404
-   [x] Fix Hamburger Menu
-   [x] Random scroll space on bottom of login/signup cards on mobile
-   [x] Cant scroll to the top when resizing vertically
-   [x] if page gets refreshed the theme switches back to Dark
-   [x] Both password field and confirm password field both have id of 'password'
-   [x] Toggling show password icon highlights the 'forgot password' link
-   [x] Tapping or clicking outside burger menu on small screens should close it
-   [x] For a very small horizontal resize range, there are no Nav links or burger menu
-   [x] If burger menu not closed when page is expanded, when you shrink the page again it instantly opens the burger menu again
-   [x] Cant use the back arrow at profile page (sometimes)
-   [x] Cant Highlight text inside navbar and burger menu search inputs only on dark theme
-   [x] Profile page mobile support stopped working for some reason
-   [x] When visiting someone elses profile, and clicking on the profile picture in the navbar, it wont bring you back to your own profile
-   [x] Logout button in the left sidebar routing does not work
-   [x] Look at the console when you switch themes in mobile mode :(
-   [ ] settings sections (account, privacy, etc) are still available in mobile version. This is not a real glitch but we have to decide what to do with it
-   [x] avoid refreshing access token if user is not logged in (not really possible)
-   [ ] Cant scroll on mobile settings page

## Deployment

-   [ ] Set Prod env variable to true
-   [ ] Remove all the console logs, including the one on Logout event
-   [ ] use a more accurate regex for emails
-   [ ] clean the code (in some cases we used snake_case and in others camelCase)

    -   [ ] add comments of functions following a standard notation

-   [ ] make sure not to include path details in gql errors
